Ermine has designed a terrific final project for this course.
You'll develop a process manager for Linux,
in particular a version of a program called Htop.
Your program just like Htop,
will read and publish data about all of the processes on your system.
You'll use C++ to read from files stored it into objects,
manipulate those objects, and output data to the terminal.
Building this program will allow you to work
with all of the different topics you'll learn in this course.
You'll develop classes to read and store data,
you'll establish abstract in
the encapsulated interfaces for objects to interact with each other.
Some of the classes are related,
which provides the opportunity to establish
inheritance hierarchies and polymorphic class methods.
You can even build generic templates to work with multiple types of data structures.
This will be a pretty impressive program once you've finish
and a great project to add to your portfolio.